So routed protocols include IPv4 and IPv6
these protocols are independent of each other
and to illustrate that let's look at a simple topology.
So here’s a question for you; Are these routers able to ping each other?
And the answer is yes and no
there’s a  problem in the IPv4 addressing structure in this topology.
These 2 interfaces have IP addresses of 10.1.2.1/24 and 10.1.4.2/24
they are in different subnets but have been configured on the same link.
So router 1 and router 2 will not be able to ping each other using IPv4
however, IPv6 has been correctly configured
so these 2 addresses are in the same subnet
and router 1 and router 2 will be able to ping each other using IPv6.
The point is what 1 routed protocol does is totally independent and separate
from another routed protocol, routed protocols such as IPv4 and IPv6
act and work independently of each other and use different routing protocols
In the networking world, this is often called ships in the night
in other words, what 1 ship in the night is doing is different
to what another ship in a night is doing.
A routed protocols are independent of each other and do not rely on one another.
Routed protocols used different routing protocols
as an example, OSPF v2 is a routing protocol used in IPv4
OSPF v3 is routing protocol used in IPv6
Different routed protocols used different routing protocols
and they act independently of each other.
Even if 1 routed protocol is broken other routed protocols may still function.